---
fname: Cassandra
lname: Williams
id: 1085
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge Cassandra M. Williams was sworn in as a Special District Court
Judge in Oklahoma County on February 18, 2014. She was appointed to the
bench by Chief Justice Colbert and assigned to the juvenile division.
Judge Williams is a 1985 graduate of the University of Central Oklahoma
with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting. She earned her Juris
Doctorate degree from Oklahoma City University School in 1988 and was
admitted to the practice of law in August of that year.

Immediately prior to her appointment, Judge Williams was a solo
practitioner engaged in private practice from 2007 until her appointment
in 2014. From 1988 until 2007, Judge Williams was an Assistant District
Attorney in Oklahoma County; her assignments included both the Civil and
Criminal Divisions.

Judge Williams holds membership in the Family Law, Juvenile Law and
Criminal Law sections of the Oklahoma Bar Association. She is a member
of the Board Directors for the Oklahoma County Bar Association. She is
the Chairperson of the "Road to Independence" and "Transitional Living"
Committees--subcommittees of the Children and Family Council of Oklahoma
County. In January 2016, Judge Williams completed the Multi-System
Integration Certificate Program at the Center for Juvenile Justice
Reform at the Georgetown University's McCourt School of Public Policy
and was awarded an executive certificate for Capstone work involving
dually adjudicated youth.

Judge Williams was born in Los Angeles, California and is a graduate of
Edmond Memorial High School.
