---
fname: Darrell
lname: Shepherd
id: 431
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
District Judge Darrell Shepherd was first elected to the bench in 1994
as Associate District Judge for Wagoner County. During his tenure as
Associate District Judge, he also served on the Oklahoma Court of
Criminal Appeals Emergency Appellate Division by appointment of the
Chief Justice. Judge Shepherd received a commendation for his service on
the Emergency Appellate Division from Governor Frank Keating and was
elevated to the position of District Judge by Governor Brad Henry in
2009.

Judge Shepherd has served as a group facilitator at the National
Judicial College at the University of Nevada, helping to teach judges
from across the United States. He has presided over numerous jury
trials, but he counts his work with children in court as most
satisfying. He instituted the Juvenile Drug Court, the STEP School for
delinquent youth, and was instrumental in developing local CASA programs
for deprived children. He also instituted the Mental Health Court in
Wagoner County.

Judge Shepherd is a 1979 graduate of Wagoner High School, a 1983
graduate of Northeastern Oklahoma State University, and a 1986 graduate
of the University of Tulsa, College of Law. He was first admitted to
practice law in 1986 and has served as an Assistant District Attorney in
the 20^th^ and 27^th^ prosecutorial districts. Prior to taking the
bench, Judge Shepherd also served without compensation as Chairman of
the Board for Oklahoma Central Credit Union, a non-profit organization.
Judge Shepherd and wife live on a ranch in rural Wagoner County and are
members of Boulevard Christian Church in Muskogee. They have two adult
children.
