---
fname: 'Dawson'
lname: 'Engle'
id: 917
published: False
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge Engle was born March 14, 1973 in Midwest City, Oklahoma. He
attended Mustang Public schools from kindergarten through graduation in
May of 1991. Engle earned his Bachelor's degree in General Business from
Oklahoma State University in 1995. While in law school, he was an intern
for the Cleveland County District Attorney's Office. Judge Engle
received his Juris Doctorate degree from the University of Oklahoma in
May of 1998.

After being admitted to the Oklahoma Bar Association in 1998, Judge
Engle began his legal career as an Assistant District Attorney in
McClain County. In 2000, Engle began working for the Pottawatomie County
District Attorney's Office. Judge Engle eventually served as an
Assistant District Attorney in Oklahoma County as well. Throughout his
time as a prosecutor, he handled caseloads in the areas of felonies,
misdemeanors, deprived juveniles, and asset forfeitures.

From 2002 to 2005, Judge Engle was in private practice as a solo
practitioner and with the Law Firm of Haselwood and Webb. The main areas
of his practice were family law, criminal defense, and civil litigation.

Judge Engle met his wife, Stacy, while they were both freshmen at
Oklahoma State University. They were married on June 24, 1995. Stacy
began her career as an elementary school teacher at McLoud Public
Schools. She is currently teaching at Bethel Public Schools. They are
the proud parents of one daughter, Keagan.

Judge Engle was appointed as a Special Judge for Lincoln and
Pottawatomie on August 1, 2005. He was appointed by the Honorable
Douglas Combs and the Honorable Paul Vassar. Governor Mary Fallin
appointed Judge Engle as Associate District Judge for Pottawatomie
County in June of 2016. His caseload includes felonies, misdemeanors,
small claims, protective orders, divorces, paternity cases, and juvenile
cases.
