---
fname: 'Douglas'
lname: 'Kirkley'
id: 979
published: False
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge Kirkley is married to Regina (McCreary) Kirkley. They were blessed
with two children, Jackson and Mitchell. Although Doug and Gina grew up
in Tishomingo, Oklahoma, they now make Coweta, Oklahoma their home.
Judge Kirkley is a graduate of Milburn High School. He obtained an
Associate's Degree from Murray State College in 1982, then a Bachelors'
Degree from East Central University in 1988. He obtained his Law Degree
from Oklahoma City University in 1992. He was in private practice with
the Stipe Law Firm and Boettcher, Ryan and Martin Law Firm until he
accepted a position as an Assistant District Attorney in 2004. He served
as an Assistant District Attorney in District 27 until he was appointed
as Special District Judge in 2008. He currently serves as a Judge in the
15th Judicial District which includes Adair, Cherokee, Muskogee,
Sequoyah, and Wagoner Counties. He is involved with several community
service projects. He is an active member of the Coweta Lion's Club,
Wagoner Rotary Club and Masonic Lodge of Coweta. He serves as a deacon
for the First Baptist Church of Coweta. Judge Kirkley has been active in
the Wagoner County Bar Association and Muskogee Bar Association serving
as a delegate for both associations to the Oklahoma Bar Association
Annual Convention. He is a member of the OBA Bench and Bar Committee. He
volunteers as the attorney coach for the Coweta High School Mock Trial
Team.
