---
fname: Jason
lname: Seigars
id: 1149
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge Jason Seigars was appointed Special District Judge in Garfield
County in January of 2017. Judge Seigars graduated with a B.S. in
Business Administration from Oklahoma State University and received his
J. D. from the University of Tulsa, College of Law in 2011. While
attending law school, Judge Seigars was the Editor-in-Chief of the
Energy Bar Journal, received the Sustainable Energy and Natural
Resources Law Certificate, served an internship with the United States
Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Oklahoma, and served as a
clerk for Tulsa County Special District Judge Mary Fitzgerald.

Prior to attending law school, Judge Seigars served as the Assistant
Juvenile Officer for the District Courts of Garfield County, working
with deprived and delinquent children dockets. Following law school,
Judge Seigars returned to Enid to serve as an Assistant District
Attorney for the Garfield County District Attorney's Office beginning in
2011. Just prior to his appointment, Judge Seigars was the Managing
Attorney for Garfield County, the Crimes Against Children Prosecutor,
the Major Crimes Prosecutor, and was a 2016 recipient of the District
Four District Attorney's Guardian Award for Excellence in Prosecution.

Judge Seigars was a recipient of the Spirit of the Family Award from
the Community Development Support Association (CDSA) Smart Start Program
and is currently a member of the Board of Directors for CDSA. He is a
former member of the Board of Directors for Youth and Family Services
and Crimestoppers of Garfield County. Judge Seigars was also a recipient
of the Garfield County Bar Association's Outstanding Young Lawyer Award
for 2015, and has served on the Awards Committee and the Bench and Bar
Committee for the Garfield County Bar Association.
