---
fname: 'Jennifer'
lname: 'Brock'
id: 1132
published: False
layout: judge-bio
---
Jennifer A. Brock was raised in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma and graduated
from Broken Arrow High School in 2000. She received a Bachelor of Arts
degree in Psychology from Oklahoma State University in December 2003.
After graduating from the University of Tulsa College of Law in
December, 2008, Brock was admitted to the Oklahoma Bar Association in
the spring of 2009. She was also admitted to the United States District
Court for the Western District of Oklahoma the same year.

During law school, Brock was a member of Phi Delta Phi, the
international legal honor society, and served in the position of Night
Vice Magister in 2007. She received several CALI awards during law
school, including Legal Drafting and Federal Income Taxation. While
attending TU Law, Brock also volunteered with Legal Aid Services of
Oklahoma in Stillwater and later worked as a licensed legal intern for
the same office.

Following admission to the Oklahoma Bar, Brock entered private practice
as an associate with Kirk R. Boersma, Attorney at Law in Blackwell,
Oklahoma, where she practiced family and juvenile law until her
appointment as Special Judge in 2015. As Special Judge, Brock currently
oversees the Juvenile Deprived Docket for Kay County, in addition to
regular civil and criminal dockets.

Brock is also a member of the Kay County Bar Association and served as
vice president in 2012 and 2013. Brock serves as President of the
Hometown Improvement Project in Blackwell, Oklahoma, and is a graduate
of Leadership Arts through Oklahoma Arts Council. She and her husband
have been married since 2004 and have one child.
