---
fname: Jequita
lname: Napoli
id: 482
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge Jequita H. Napoli was born in 1957 in Norman, Oklahoma. A lifetime
resident of Norman, she attended Norman public schools. A graduate of
the University of Oklahoma, she was awarded a Bachelor Degree in
Business Administration, with Distinction, in 1979, and a J.D. in 1982.
Following graduation, Judge Napoli practiced law in Norman, until
appointment to the Bench as a Special Judge in 1996. Current docket
assignments include the Cleveland County Anna McBride diversion program,
involuntary mental health proceedings for children and adults,
guardianship actions, domestic violence protective orders and small
claims. Among her professional activities, Judge Napoli is a member of
the Council of the American Bar Association Section of Legal Education
and Admissions to the Bar. She served as a member of the House of
Delegates of the American Bar Association from 2008-2015. Prior
activities with the ABA include service as a member of the Law School
Accreditation Committee from 2004-2010 and Chair and member of the
Foreign Programs Subcommittee. From 2008-2009, she served on the ABA
Task Force on Law School Accreditation. Judge Napoli is also a member of
the ABA Judicial Division. From 1988 to 1996, she was a member of the
Oklahoma Board of Bar Examiners, serving as Chair in 1991, and from 1992
to 2004, was a member of the National Conference of Bar Examiners,
serving as Chair in 2002-2003. Judge Napoli is currently a member of the
Oklahoma Attorney General Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Advisory
Council and the Central Oklahoma Community Mental Health Center PACT
advisory board. She is past president of the Cleveland County Bar
Association and a past president of Legal Aid of Western Oklahoma. Judge
Napoli and her husband were married in 1977 and have one son, Nicholas,
who attends Truett Seminary at Baylor University.
