---
fname: John
lname: Kane
id: 913
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge John Kane has been the Osage County Chief Judge since 2005. Kane
is a former President of the Oklahoma Judicial Conference (the State's
official Judge's Association). John also serves on the Oklahoma Court on
the Judiciary- the body that actually judges other judges. Kane is the
Presiding Judge-Elect of the Northeast Judicial Administrative District.
This office is selected by all of the elected judges of the region.
Judge Kane also chairs the Osage County Community Sentencing Planning
Council.

Kane is a third-generation Osage County attorney, having had the
privilege of practicing law with his grandfather (Matthew J. Kane) and
his father (Matt Kane, Jr.) during their lifetimes in Pawhuska and
Skiatook. Kane has been the president of the Osage County Bar
Association, and is a Fellow of the Oklahoma Bar Association. Prior to
the creation of an Indigent Defense System, Kane accepted appointments
to represent citizens accused of crime who were financially unable to
hire their own attorney. He also served as a part-time assistant D.A.,
giving him perspective from both sides of the justice system. He was
also previously an Administrative Law Judge for the Dept. of Human
Services- Child Support Division.

Judge Kane is the great-grandson of Oklahoma Supreme Court Justice
Matthew John Kane, who as a member of the Oklahoma Constitutional
Convention was an integral participant of the writing of Oklahoma's
Constitution. John's great-grandmother is the late Mabelle Kennedy,
former Assistant Secretary of the United States Treasury. Mabelle also
had the honor of being elected as the Mayor of Pawhuska following her
retirement from Federal service.
