---
fname: Kenny
lname: Harris
id: 624
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge Ken Harris, a native Lawtonian, holds a BA Journalism from Univ.
of Okla. and JD from OCU Law. Judge Harris received his commission as an
Ensign in the Navy through the Oklahoma University NROTC program with
orders to flight school in Pensacola, Fl. in 1973.

After active duty and law school, he was an assistant district attorney
until 1979, when he was elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives
representing District 62 (West Lawton). As chairman of the Criminal
Justice Committee in 1986, he created and chaired the predecessor to the
Oklahoma Criminal Justice Resource Center seeking long term solutions to
systemic problems in the criminal justice system and prison
overcrowding.

Following four terms in the House, he returned as Lawton's assistant
city attorney defending ยง 1983, civil rights complaints before the
10th Circuit Court of Appeals. Judge Harris became Lawton's municipal
judge in 1992, until in April 1999, he was picked for his current
position as Special Judge for the 5th Judicial District sitting in
Comanche County.

A Naval Reserve Officer since 1984, he was mobilized for several months
when his unit at the Pentagon was hit in the September 11, terrorist
attack. Harris holds the Navy Achievement Medal with two gold stars and
the Navy Commendation Medal with one gold star. He retired in 2003,
after 30 years of service with the rank of Navy Captain.

Married for 43 years to Karen Youngblood, a retired attorney and college
professor, they have two children; Ashley Coles an attorney for the
University of Kansas and Jennifer, a Rhodes Scholar and Yale Law School
graduate, now a Senior Fellow for the Council on Foreign Relations in
New York City.
