---
fname: Martha
lname: Carter
id: 1048
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Martha Rupp Carter is a Special Judge serving the 14^th^ Judicial
District in Tulsa County since appointment by the District Court Judges
effective February 2011. She is assigned to the Preliminary Hearing
docket as of July 2014, having previously served in the Family Relations
and Civil Divisions. In the Civil Division Carter handled CS cases
meeting the $10,000 jurisdictional limit, the civil Mental Health Court
Docket, and the guardianship docket for vulnerable/exploited adults.

Prior to judicial appointment, Carter's professional career entailed
public service as the Tulsa City-County Health Department General
Counsel, and, the Tulsa City Attorney, the City of Tulsa's chief legal
advisor and head of the City's Legal Department. She was the first woman
Tulsa City Attorney. Carter worked in private legal practice entailing
civil litigation before her public service. In a volunteer capacity, she
served the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma as
an adjunct settlement judge.

Carter served on the Board of Governors of the Oklahoma Bar Association
2009-2011, the Oklahoma Bar Association Bar Journal as an Associate
Editor, and the Oklahoma Bar Association Professional Responsibility
Tribunal. She was the Tulsa County Bar Association President.

Carter was the first Oklahoma attorney designated as Local Government
Fellow by the International Municipal Lawyers Association. She is
recipient of the Mona Salyer Lambird Spotlight Award and the Tulsa
County Bar Association Golden Rule Award and several Tulsa County Bar
Association President Awards. She is a co-author of Building Tulsa,
Lawyers at Work, a book written in celebration of the Tulsa County Bar
Association's centennial celebration.

Carter received her Bachelor's of Arts degree with honors in English
from Oklahoma State University and her Juris Doctor degree from the
University of Oklahoma College of Law.
