---
fname: Michelle Kirby
lname: Roper
id: 1030
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge Michelle Kirby Roper is in her second term as the Associate
District Judge of Beckham County. As the Associate District Judge, she
handles litigation involving family and children matters, criminal
cases, small claims, mental health cases and protective order hearings.
Judge Kirby Roper also presides over Beckham County / Roger Mills Drug
Court, which has over sixty participants. Judge Kirby Roper was awarded
the Oklahoma CASA organization "Judge of the Year" in 2014 and has been
the Beckham County Bar President. Judge Kirby-Roper grew up in Elk City,
Oklahoma and moved back to her hometown after practicing law in Oklahoma
City for many years. She enjoys being back in her small town where her
children have thrived. She has been married to Chad Roper for over
fifteen (15) years, who is the local radio personality for KOOL FM 94
out of Western Oklahoma. Her daughter, Piper, is a college junior and
has a Zumba studio in Elk City. Their daughter, Dara, is thirteen years
old and is very talented in art. Judge Kirby Roper's educational
background includes receiving her undergraduate degree from the
University of Oklahoma and then graduating *Cum Laude* from Oklahoma
City University School of Law in 1998. During law school she was awarded
with thirteen (13) *Corpus Juris Secundum* Awards and was very proud to
have received the Judge Tom Brett Outstanding Criminal Law Student Award
her graduating year. Judge Kirby Roper is currently involved in projects
to educate parents and the public as to the effects of drug use and
domestic violence on children and how the parents' past traumas have
affected their decisions and path. She attends the United Methodist
Church in Elk City and enjoys baking and doing Zumba as hobbies. She is
the first female judge to be elected in Beckham County.
