---
fname: Michael
lname: DeBerry
id: 857
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge DeBerry is married to Linda DeBerry, retired school teacher and
librarian. They have one daughter, Michele Scott a speech pathologist
and special education director in Duncan who has four daughters; one
son, David of Idabel, golf pro/course superintendent - Idabel Country
Club.

He is a graduate of Gray High School, Idabel; Oklahoma State University
(*Agriculture Economics*) and University of Oklahoma College of Law.

He served at Fort Sill and in Vietnam as a Military Police Officer and
is the recipient of two Bronze Stars.

Judge DeBerry was in the private practice of law for twenty-eight years
and has served as First Assistant District Attorney and Acting District
Attorney. He was also Municipal Judge for the City of Idabel for
twenty-three years.

Judge DeBerry was Associate District Judge of McCurtain County for the
years 1971-1973 and 2003 until October of 2012 when he was appointed
District Judge for the 17th Judicial District. He was selected as the
2011 Outstanding Elective Official for Child Abuse Prevention and Idabel
Vietnam Veteran Citizen of the Year and Oklahoma Bar Association Lawyer
of the Month.

He was President of the McCurtain Bar Association from 1982-2001. He
served on the Board of Governors of the Oklahoma Bar Association;
Trustee of Oklahoma Bar Foundation; the Professional Responsibility
Tribunal; Associate Bar Examiner and has served on several Oklahoma Bar
Association committees. He is an Oklahoma Bar Foundation Benefactor and
Sustaining Fellow.

Judge DeBerry is a lifetime member of the First United Methodist Church
of Idabel, serving on numerous committees and is a member of Idabel
Masonic Lodge \#264, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Chamber of Commerce,
McCurtain County Cattleman's Association and the American Legion.
