---
fname: 'Michael'
lname: 'Tupper'
id: 997
published: false
layout: judge-bio
---
Michael Tupper is a Special Judge for the Cleveland County District
Court. Judge Tupper was appointed to the bench on April 3, 2009. Prior
to his judicial appointment, Judge Tupper served as an assistant
district attorney in Cleveland County for 7 years, during which time he
prosecuted major felony crimes. Upon leaving the DA's office in 2008,
Judge Tupper took a position with the Pierce Couch law firm wherein he
focused on general civil defense work.

Judge Tupper's docket responsibilities have included presiding over
misdemeanors, arraignments, domestic violence cases, community
sentencing, felony magistrate duties, guardianship of minors, small
claims actions, landlord/tenant disputes, and civil jury trials by
assignment. In addition, Judge Tupper is the presiding judge for the
Cleveland County Adult Drug Court Program.

Judge Tupper attended the University Of Oklahoma College Of Law and
received his Juris Doctorate in 2002. Prior to law school, Judge Tupper
graduated from Oklahoma State University in 1999, earning a Bachelor of
Science in Political Science.

Judge Tupper is active in the Cleveland County Bar Association having
previously served as President Elect and Young Lawyers Division (YLD)
Chairperson. Judge Tupper is a member of Norman Next, a young
professional's organization of Norman. Judge Tupper also serves on the
board of directors of the Among Friends Activity Center which provides a
clubhouse for adults with physical disabilities.

Judge Tupper is happily married to his wife, Jennifer, who is a school
teacher in Norman. Together they have 3 children and 2 dogs. Judge
Tupper is a member of St. Mark's Catholic Church. In his free time,
Judge Tupper enjoys spending time with his family, distance running,
cycling, hiking, camping, sporting events, and traveling.
