---
fname: Norman
lname: Thygesen
id: 903
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Norman D. Thygesen was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey. After high school,
he enlisted in the United State Air Force, serving until he was
honorably discharged in 1968 with the rank of Sergeant. Thygesen
graduated from Northeastern State University with a double major in
psychology and sociology. He worked on an Environmental Impact Study and
as a teaching assistant while earning a Master's Degree from East Texas
State University. He spent a couple of years as an East Central
University professor in Ada, and then a couple years as Regional Planner
for Northeast Counties of Oklahoma in Vinita. From 1976 - 1980, Judge
Thygesen was the Assistant Superintendent of Schools in Shawnee, while
he attended Oklahoma City University's School of Law. He received his
Juris Doctorate in 1980. After two years with the Department of Economic
and Community Affairs, he became an Assistant District Attorney in
Muskogee, and was chief prosecutor for 5 years. He then went to Oklahoma
City to work for the Attorney General's Office as Chief of the General
Counsel. Finding that he missed the courtroom, Judge Thygesen returned
to prosecution in Tulsa and then Okmulgee. During his time in the
various District Attorney's Offices, he prosecuted over 300 felony jury
trials, including 8 death penalty murder cases. He and his wife, Sheryl,
together have 6 children and 11 grandchildren. Appointed by Governor
Brad Henry in 2004, Norman Thygesen is Muskogee's Associate District
Judge.
