---
fname: 'Robin'
lname: 'Adair'
id: 196
published: False
layout: judge-bio
---
Judge Robin Adair was born April 6, 1956 in Los Angeles, California.
After the death of his father, he and his mother moved back to their
hometown of Muskogee, Oklahoma where Adair attended Muskogee public
schools and graduating from Muskogee High School in 1974. Adair obtained
a degree from Northeastern University in Tahlequah in 1978 and graduated
from the University of Tulsa College of law in 1983.

While an undergraduate Adair worked as a clerk for Muskogee County
District Attorney Julian K. Fite and later Mike Turpen. Before his
graduation from law school, Adair also worked for attorney Lloyd Payton
and the law offices of Ed Edmondson, James Edmondson, and W.A. Drew
Edmondson. As an intern in law school Adair returned to the Muskogee
County District Attorney's office working for District Attorney Drew
Edmondson where he served as an intern and assistant district attorney
until August 1985 at which time he was appointed Special District Judge
for Muskogee County, a position he has held since that time.

Adair has served as president of Muskogee Bar Association in 1992, as
chairman Neosho District Boy Scout council 2006 through 2009, chairman
on the Judicial Committee of the Eastern Oklahoma Presbytery, and as
chairman of the salary commission of the Cherokee Nation. He has also
served on the committee for the Eastern Oklahoma Spelling Bee and the
Muskogee Air Show committee.

While serving as Special Judge for Muskogee County, Adair presides over
the adult drug court program, misdemeanor and felony court docket, and
has served as alternate Judge for the juvenile drug court program.

Adair is married to Alice Kenney Adair. They have two adult children, a
son Jefferson and a daughter Laura.
