---
fname: Sheila
lname: Condren
id: 747
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
JD, University of Tulsa - 1987  
BA, Social Sciences, Kansas State University - 1984

From 2006 until her election to the District Judgeship, Judge Condren
served as Associate District Judge in Rogers County. From 2000 to 2006,
she served as Special Judge for the 12th Judicial District in Oklahoma.
Prior to taking the bench, Judge Condren was a Staff Attorney in the
Child Support Enforcement Division of the Oklahoma Department of Human
Services. She has also been in private practice and was a law clerk for
the Benefits Review Board of the United State Department of Labor in
Washington, DC.

Judge Condren is past-President of the Hudson-Hall-Wheaton Chapter of
the American Inn of Court which, during her administration, was awarded
the Circle of Excellence Award for Excellence in Inn Administration,
which is conferred on less than one percent of the chapters nationally.
She also served as co-Chair of the Rogers County Recommendations
Committee, charged with making recommendations to the Board of County
Commissioners regarding the building of a new courthouse and county-wide
911 Center.

The Oklahoma Child Support Enforcement Association awarded Condren
"Attorney of the Year" and "Member of the Year." Tulsa People magazine
named Condren to its "Shining Star" list for advocacy on behalf of child
support enforcement. She was also nominated for the Paragon Award for
her community service in the area of domestic violence. She also served
on the Child Support Subcommittee of the Domestic Relations
Recodification Committee of the Oklahoma Legislature. The former
Oklahoma Attorney General appointed Condren to serve on the Oklahoma
Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Advisory Council, and she served as
Chairperson. Judge Condren founded the first diversionary criminal
Mental Health Treatment Court for Rogers County. She oversees one of the
state's largest drug courts, and she helped start the Veteran's
Treatment Court program for Rogers County. Judge Condren also partnered
with the local domestic violence organization to open the first
"Protective Order Office" in the Rogers County Courthouse. She is a past
board member for Domestic Violence Intervention Services (DVIS) in
Tulsa.

She is also a graduate of Leadership Rogers County and Leadership Tulsa.
She has served on the University of Tulsa College of Law Alumni Board,
and served as a volunteer judge for Mock Trial programs at Tulsa
University College of Law.
