---
fname: Thomas
lname: Baldwin
id: 1001
published: true
layout: judge-bio
---
Thomas K. Baldwin was elected in November 2014, as the Associate
District Judge for Carter County, Oklahoma. Baldwin was originally
appointed as Special Judge for Carter County, on November 2, 2009, and
served in that position until January 12, 2015, when he was sworn in as
the Associate District Judge. Prior to being a judge, Thomas was a
Senior Vice President, Trust Officer, and General Counsel at First
National Bank & Trust Co. of Ardmore. And before that, he was an
associate with the law firm, Fischl, Culp, McMillin, Chaffin, Bahner and
Long in Ardmore, Oklahoma.

Thomas graduated from the University of Oklahoma's College of Law in
1994. In that same year the College of Law recognized him for
outstanding achievement and he was presented the Oklahoma Bar Foundation
Legal Intern Scholarship. He graduated from the University of Oklahoma
where he was a Political Science Major and had two minors, one in
History and the other in Philosophy. He earned his Bachelor of Arts with
distinction in 1991 and was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa, Golden Key
National Honor Society, and Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society.

Prior to going to college Thomas worked for his parents, Stan and Carol
Ann Baldwin, at Baldwin's Restaurant. Additionally, he was a petroleum
land-man for several Oklahoma Company's in the early 80's and then a
manager of Crystalwood Restaurant in Ardmore, as well. Thomas is a 1980
graduate of Ardmore High School and proud to be a tiger. Thomas is
married to Carey and they are very proud of their daughter, Ireland, who
attends Ardmore High School.
