---
fname: 'Wallace'
lname: 'Coppedge'
id: 1028
published: False
layout: judge-bio
---
Wallace Coppedge was born on September 21, 1960 in Oklahoma City,
Oklahoma. He was raised on a peanut farm along the banks of the South
Canadian River in Hughes County, Oklahoma. That experience taught him
the value of hard work and encouraged him to pursue an education so that
lifestyle would be a choice and not a necessity.

Coppedge graduated from Holdenville High School in 1978. He attended
Oklahoma Baptist University graduating with honors in 1982. Coppedge
graduated from Oklahoma City University School of Law in 1986. While in
law school he served as a member of the law review. Following admission
to the bar association in 1986 Coppedge practiced law in downtown
Oklahoma City. In 1986 he began work as an associate attorney for the
Little, Little, and Windel law firm in Madill, Oklahoma.

Coppedge became a partner in the firm and continued working in the firm
until 2007. In 2007 Coppedge established his own firm of Coppedge and
Rowe until becoming District Judge in January of 2011. He continues to
serve as District Judge and has been the Presiding Judge of the South
Central Administrative District since 2015.

Coppedge met his wife Robin at OBU and they will celebrate their 35^th^
wedding anniversary on July 31, 2016. Robin is a 1982 graduate of the
OBU nursing school. She is currently Director of Nursing at Murray State
College in Tishomingo, Oklahoma.

Coppedge and his wife have four children, Ashlee, Paige, Jack, and Luke.
Coppedge and his wife are members of Calvary Baptist Church and have the
privilege of serving by teaching the 7^th^ and 8^th^ grade Sunday school
class.
